Add a document related to noisy simulators in Qiskit Runtime (#669)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: docs/how_to/noisy_simulators.rst

    service = QiskitRuntimeService(channel="ibm_quantum")

Preparing the environment
-------------------------

To demonstrate the routine, we shall proceed with running an example
routine. One of the major benefits of using primitives is simplification
of binding multiple parameters in parameterized circuits. To check this,
here is an example circuit with a controlled
`P-gate <https://qiskit.org/documentation/stubs/qiskit.circuit.library.PhaseGate.html>`__
as implemented right below. Here, we parametrise the ``P-gate`` with a
rotation parameter ``theta``. To learn how to create circuits and bind
parameters to them by using Qiskit, see the `Circuit
Basics <https://qiskit.org/documentation/tutorials/circuits/01_circuit_basics.html>`__
and `Advanced
Circuits <https://qiskit.org/documentation/tutorials/circuits_advanced/01_advanced_circuits.html#Parameterized-circuits>`__
in Qiskit documentation.

.. code-block:: python

    from qiskit.circuit import Parameter
    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit

    theta = Parameter('theta')

    qc = QuantumCircuit(2,1)
    qc.x(1)
    qc.h(0)
    qc.cp(theta,0,1)
    qc.h(0)
    qc.measure(0,0)

    qc.draw('mpl')

> .. image:: /docs/images/noisy-sim-circuit.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. image:: ../images/noisy-sim-circuit.png
```

I think the docs build is failing because all the images need to be referenced like this

Author: Thank you @kt474 ! I've just changed every path of images! 😄

Reviewer: one last thing, I think you'll have to add something like this to the doctree in index.rst [here](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime/blob/main/docs/index.rst) in the "How to" section

`Run noisy simulations <how_to/noisy_simulators>`

Author: I added this line in index.rst. Thanks @kt474 !

Noisy Simulators in Qiskit Runtime
==================================

This notebook shows how to setup ``ibmq_qasm_simulator`` and map a basic

> noise model for an an IBMQ hardware device in **Qiskit Runtime**, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
noise model for an IBMQ hardware device in **Qiskit Runtime**, and
```

Reviewer 2: It is IBM Quantum not IBMQ

> noise model for an an IBMQ hardware device in **Qiskit Runtime**, and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
noise model for an IBM Quantum hardware device in **Qiskit Runtime**, and
```

Thanks for pointing it out @nonhermitian!

    qc.h(0)
    qc.cp(theta,0,1)
    qc.h(0)
    qc.measure(0,0)

    qc.draw('mpl')

.. image:: /docs/images/noisy-sim-circuit.png

The circuit shown above is parameterized with the eigenvalue being
kicked back into qubit 0 to be measured. The amount of kickback will be
determined by the parameter theta. Now in the cell below, we shall
define our parameters for our above circuit as a list. The parameters
here will be from :math:`0` to :math:`2\pi` divided over 50 evenly
spaced points.

.. code-block:: python

    import numpy as np

    phases = np.linspace(0, 2*np.pi, 50)

    # phases need to be expressed as a list of lists in order to work
    individual_phases = [[phase] for phase in phases]

Running on the ideal simulator
------------------------------

Set the backend and options to use
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First we shall demonstrate a run using an ideal case without any
``noise_model``, ``optimization_level`` or ``resilience_level`` for both
Sampler and Estimator. We shall proceed to setup the options as shown
below:

.. code-block:: python

    backend = "ibmq_qasm_simulator" # use the simulator

.. code-block:: python

    options = Options()

>     options.simulator = {"seed_simulator": 42}

Reviewer 4: Not really a big deal, but you can also do `options.simulator.seed_simulator = 42` instead of using a dictionary.

Author: I've changed it as you suggested. Thank you! :)

    <matplotlib.legend.Legend at 0x7f7fd233b6d0>

.. image:: /docs/images/noisy-sim-sampler-ideal.png

Run the circuits on Estimator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To learn how to start a session for Estimator, you may check this
tutorial: `Get started with the Estimator
primitive <https://qiskit.org/documentation/partners/qiskit_ibm_runtime/tutorials/how-to-getting-started-with-estimator.html>`__.

The Estimator will bind single-qubit rotations to get hamiltonians
before it returns expectation values of quantum operators. Therefore,
the circuit doesn’t require any measurements. Currently the circuit
``qc`` has measurements so we will remove these with
``remove_final_measurements``.

.. code-block:: python

    qc_no_meas = qc.remove_final_measurements(inplace=False)
    qc_no_meas.draw('mpl')

.. image:: /docs/images/noisy-sim-estimator-circuit.png

.. code-block:: python

    from qiskit.quantum_info import SparsePauliOp

    ZZ = SparsePauliOp.from_list([("ZZ", 1)])
    print(f"  > Observable: {ZZ.paulis}")

.. parsed-literal::

      > Observable: ['ZZ']

With this observable, the expectation value is calculated by the
equation below.

.. math::

>    \langle ZZ\rangle =\langle \psi | ZZ | \psi\rangle=\langle \psi|(|0\rangle\langle 0| -|1\rangle\langle 1|)\otimes(|0\rangle\langle 0| - |1\rangle\langle 1|) |\psi\rangle =|\langle 00|\psi\rangle|^2 - |\langle 01 | \psi\rangle|^2 - |\langle 10 | \psi\rangle|^2 + |\langle 11|\psi\rangle|^2

Reviewer 4: This is not rendering correctly in the preview. I _think_ because there's an extra blank line after `.. math::`.

Author: I removed one extra line, but on my side, it is still not rendering correctly in the preview.

Reviewer: I believe this will render correctly when deployed on the qiskit docs, just not in the github rst preview

The next cell will implement the above as shown

.. code-block:: python

    with Session(service=service, backend=backend):
        estimator = Estimator(options=options)
        job = estimator.run(
            circuits=[qc_no_meas]*len(phases),
            parameter_values=individual_phases,
            observables=[ZZ]*len(phases)
        )
        result = job.result()

.. code-block:: python

    exp_values = result.values

    plt.plot(phases, exp_values, 'o', label='Simulator')
    plt.plot(phases, 2*np.sin(phases/2)**2-1, label='Theory')
    plt.xlabel('Phase')
    plt.ylabel('Expectation')
    plt.legend()

.. parsed-literal::

    <matplotlib.legend.Legend at 0x7f7fd0ed8820>

.. image:: /docs/images/noisy-sim-estimator-ideal.png

Running a noisy simulation
--------------------------

> Now we’ll setup our simulator to run a noisy simulationrather than the

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Now we’ll setup our simulator to run a noisy simulation rather than the
```

> ideal one. We can pass custom ``noise_models`` to the simulator on

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
ideal one. We can pass a custom ``noise_model`` to the simulator on
```

.. code-block:: python

    from qiskit.providers.fake_provider import FakeManila
    from qiskit_aer.noise import NoiseModel

    # Make a noise model
    fake_backend = FakeManila()
    noise_model = NoiseModel.from_backend(fake_backend)

    # Set options to include the noise model
    options = Options()
    options.simulator = {
        "noise_model": noise_model,
        "basis_gates": fake_backend.configuration().basis_gates,
        "coupling_map": fake_backend.configuration().coupling_map,
        "seed_simulator": 42
    }

    # Set number of shots, optimization_level and resilience_level
    options.execution.shots = 1000
    options.optimization_level = 0
    options.resilience_level = 0

The ``ibmq_qasm_simulator`` allows for the activation of the
``resilience_levels`` offered by the Qiskit Runtime Service, and use of
these levels on simulators is best demonstrated using the noisy
simulation as we have described above.

To see the comparision, we shall define two set of ``Options``. The ibmq
qasm simulator allows for the activation of the resilience levels
offered by Qiskit Runtime, and the use of these levels on simulators is

> best demonstrated using the noisy simulation that we have built.Here,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
best demonstrated using the noisy simulation that we have built. Here,
```
